site/content/values/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Values"
image: /img/about-jumbotron.jpg
values:
  - heading: "Shade-grown coffee"
    text: >
      Coffee is a small tree or shrub that grows in the forest
      understory in its wild form, and traditionally was grown
      commercially under other trees that provided shade. The
      forest-like structure of shade coffee farms provides habitat for
      a great number of migratory and resident species.
    imageUrl: "/img/about-shade-grown.jpg"
  - heading: "Single origin"
    text: >
      Single-origin coffee is coffee grown within a single known
      geographic origin. Sometimes, this is a single farm or a
      specific collection of beans from a single country. The name of
      the coffee is then usually the place it was grown to whatever
      degree available.
    imageUrl: "/img/about-single-origin.jpg"
  - heading: "Sustainable farming"
    text: >
      Sustainable agriculture is farming in sustainable ways based on
      an understanding of ecosystem services, the study of
      relationships between organisms and their environment. What
      grows where and how it is grown are a matter of choice and
      careful consideration for nature and communities.
    imageUrl: "/img/about-sustainable-farming.jpg"
  - heading: "Direct sourcing"
    text: >
      We want to truly empower the communities that bring amazing
      coffee to you. That’s why we reinvest 20% of our profits into
      farms, local businesses and schools everywhere our coffee is
      grown. You can see the communities grow and learn more about
      coffee farming on our blog.
    imageUrl: "/img/about-direct-sourcing.jpg"
  - heading: "Reinvest profits"
    text: >
      We want to truly empower the communities that bring amazing
      coffee to you. That’s why we reinvest 20% of our profits into
      farms, local businesses and schools everywhere our coffee is
      grown. You can see the communities grow and learn more about
      coffee farming on our blog.
    imageUrl: "/img/about-reinvest-profits.jpg"
---

Commit message:

Revise values section with new content
Updated the values section to reflect new headings and descriptions related to company services and standards.

site/content/values/_index.md, after:

---
title: "About"
image: /img/about-jumbotron.jpg
values:
  - heading: "What we do"
    text: >
      CRPro provides recruitment and consulting services across EPC
      environments, supporting clients with structured hiring
      processes, realistic candidate representation, and delivery-focused
      outcomes.
    imageUrl: "/img/about-shade-grown.jpg"
  - heading: "Technical understanding"
    text: >
       Our work is informed by hands-on exposure to engineering,
      procurement, and construction project environments. This allows us
      to assess role requirements realistically, understand technical
      constraints, and communicate effectively with both clients and
      candidates.
    imageUrl: "/img/about-single-origin.jpg"
  - heading: "How we work"
    text: >
       We prioritise clarity, responsiveness, and accuracy. Our approach
      focuses on understanding requirements upfront, maintaining clear
      communication throughout the process, and managing expectations
      on all sides.
    imageUrl: "/img/about-sustainable-farming.jpg"
  - heading: "Professional standards"
    text: >
     We aim to represent roles and candidates accurately, operate with
      discretion, and support long-term relationships rather than
      transactional placements.
    imageUrl: "/img/about-direct-sourcing.jpg"
  - heading: "Reinvest profits"
    text: >
      We want to truly empower the communities that bring amazing
      coffee to you. That’s why we reinvest 20% of our profits into
      farms, local businesses and schools everywhere our coffee is
      grown. You can see the communities grow and learn more about
      coffee farming on our blog.
    imageUrl: "/img/about-reinvest-profits.jpg"
---
